How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me to see the bug that was
 introduced by highlighting the parts of the code that were actually different
 from the previous one. This helped me to concentrate on just the parts that were
 different and not the entire page of code. Thus making my work shorter and easier.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having the entire history of a particular file is pretty helpful in the long run. 
This is because in the long run you will be able to view all the changes that has
 been done on that particular file and how that thing had shaped up to be. In case
 the newer versions have gone south then then an older version can always come very
 handy to return the program to the state where the program was at a stable better
 state than the current situation. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit
 like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The main advantage of automatic saving is that if the coder is somewhat careless the
 system complements his/her behaviour and keeps regular backups of the code for him/her.
 But other than that I feel that choosing a manual commit is a way better option.
 It is the coder who knows when a significant change has been made. And accourding
to that he or she can do a version backup. It might be regardless of the time or 
volume of the code thatt has been changed. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
 in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Generally other version control systems are made for everybody and like the example
 done earlier, linking multiple files is seldom useful other than when dealing with
 codes. And GIT is a system that has been created for one and one purpose only. To help programmers with their work. So that is the reason I
 feel that GIT saves multiple files in one commit and the others dont.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control a programmer will be more confident in making changes because even if he does 
screw up something with the code, he knows that he always has a backup to fall back onto.